org/kde/kdeconnect/MyApplication.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.MyApplication
 org.kde.kdeconnect.MyApplication$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.MyApplication$LifecycleObserver
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SystemVolumePlugin/Sink.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.Sink
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.Sink$UpdateListener
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/AndroidSafFileSystemView.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.AndroidSafFileSystemView
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/LoopbackBackend/LoopbackLinkProvider.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LoopbackBackend.LoopbackLinkProvider
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/SMSHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SMSHelper
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SMSHelper$Address
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SMSHelper$Attachment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SMSHelper$Message
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SMSHelper$MessageAccessException
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SMSHelper$MessageLooper
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SMSHelper$ThreadID
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SMSHelper$TransportType
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SystemVolumePlugin/ItemGapDecoration.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.ItemGapDecoration
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/SecurityHelpers/SslHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SecurityHelpers.SslHelper
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SecurityHelpers.SslHelper$1
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/StoragePreferenceDialogFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.StoragePreferenceDialogFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.StoragePreferenceDialogFragment$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.StoragePreferenceDialogFragment$Callback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.StoragePreferenceDialogFragment$CallbackResult
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.StoragePreferenceDialogFragment$FileSeparatorCharFilter
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityNotificationFilterBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityNotificationFilterBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/ShareSettingsFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.ShareSettingsFragment
org/kde/kdeconnect/DevicePacketQueue.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.DevicePacketQueue
 org.kde.kdeconnect.DevicePacketQueue$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.DevicePacketQueue$Item
 org.kde.kdeconnect.DevicePacketQueue$SendingThread
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/EditTextAlertDialogFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.EditTextAlertDialogFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.EditTextAlertDialogFragment$Builder
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/ListAdapter.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.ListAdapter
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.ListAdapter$Item
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/IntentHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.IntentHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityPluginSettingsBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityPluginSettingsBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/BluetoothBackend/BluetoothPairingHandler.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothPairingHandler
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothPairingHandler$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothPairingHandler$2
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothPairingHandler$2$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothPairingHandler$3
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityMprisBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityMprisBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/PairingExplanationTextNoWifiBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.PairingExplanationTextNoWifiBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/DefaultSmsAppAlertDialogFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DefaultSmsAppAlertDialogFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DefaultSmsAppAlertDialogFragment$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DefaultSmsAppAlertDialogFragment$Builder
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisPlugin/MprisPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisPlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisPlugin$MprisPlayer
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityMousepadBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityMousepadBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/FindRemoteDevicePlugin/FindRemoteDevicePlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.FindRemoteDevicePlugin.FindRemoteDevicePlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SystemVolumePlugin/SinkItemCallback.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.SinkItemCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/WidgetRemoteCommandPluginDialogBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.WidgetRemoteCommandPluginDialogBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MousePadPlugin/KeyInputConnection.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.KeyInputConnection
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/AppsHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.AppsHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/AndroidFileSystemFactory.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.AndroidFileSystemFactory
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/SecurityHelpers/RsaHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SecurityHelpers.RsaHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SMSPlugin/SmsMmsUtils.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SMSPlugin.SmsMmsUtils
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SMSPlugin.SmsMmsUtils$1
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ListItemCategoryBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ListItemCategoryBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/ShareInfo.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.ShareInfo
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/FindMyPhonePlugin/FindMyPhonePlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.FindMyPhonePlugin.FindMyPhonePlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.FindMyPhonePlugin.FindMyPhonePlugin$1
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/TrustedNetworkListBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.TrustedNetworkListBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/BatteryPlugin/BatteryPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.BatteryPlugin.BatteryPlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.BatteryPlugin.BatteryPlugin$1
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/SystemVolumeFragmentBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.SystemVolumeFragmentBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MousePadPlugin/MousePadGestureDetector.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.MousePadGestureDetector
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.MousePadGestureDetector$OnGestureListener
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/ShareActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.ShareActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/NotificationsPlugin/RepliableNotification.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.RepliableNotification
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RunCommandPlugin/RunCommandWidgetDataProvider.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.RunCommandWidgetDataProvider
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisReceiverPlugin/MprisReceiverCallback.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisReceiverPlugin.MprisReceiverCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/ReceiveNotificationsPlugin/ReceiveNotificationsPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ReceiveNotificationsPlugin.ReceiveNotificationsPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/PingPlugin/PingPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PingPlugin.PingPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/WidgetRemotecommandpluginBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.WidgetRemotecommandpluginBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MousePadPlugin/PointerAccelerationProfile.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfile
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfile$MouseDelta
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ToolbarBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MousePadPlugin/MousePadPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.MousePadPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisReceiverPlugin/MprisReceiverPlayer.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisReceiverPlugin.MprisReceiverPlayer
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/PluginSettingsFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PluginSettingsFragment
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/ReceiveNotification.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.ReceiveNotification
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/SectionItem.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.SectionItem
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/NotificationHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.NotificationHelper
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.NotificationHelper$Channels
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/CustomDevicesAdapter.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesAdapter
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesAdapter$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesAdapter$Callback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesAdapter$ItemTouchHelperCallback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesAdapter$ItemTouchHelperCallback$Callback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesAdapter$SwipeableViewHolder
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesAdapter$ViewHolder
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/ThemeUtil.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.ThemeUtil
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/PrivacyOptionsBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.PrivacyOptionsBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisPlugin/VolumeKeyListener.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.VolumeKeyListener
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/PairingDeviceItem.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.PairingDeviceItem
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.PairingDeviceItem$Callback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/BaseLink.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BaseLink
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BaseLink$PacketReceiver
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/SettingsFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.SettingsFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.SettingsFragment$LicenseTextSingleton
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/StorageHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.StorageHelper
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.StorageHelper$StorageInfo
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/TelephonyPlugin/TelephonyPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.TelephonyPlugin.TelephonyPlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.TelephonyPlugin.TelephonyPlugin$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.TelephonyPlugin.TelephonyPlugin$2
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/LanBackend/LanPairingHandler.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanPairingHandler
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanPairingHandler$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanPairingHandler$2
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanPairingHandler$2$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanPairingHandler$3
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/AndroidSshFile.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.AndroidSshFile
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.AndroidSshFile$1
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/AndroidFileSystemView.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.AndroidFileSystemView
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityFindMyPhoneBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityFindMyPhoneBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/Plugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.Plugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/RootFile.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.RootFile
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SystemVolumePlugin/SinkItemHolder.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.SinkItemHolder
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/BluetoothBackend/BluetoothLink.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothLink
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothLink$1
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/MediaStoreHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.MediaStoreHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/PairingExplanationTextBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.PairingExplanationTextBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/TelephonyHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.TelephonyHelper
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.TelephonyHelper$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.TelephonyHelper$ApnSetting
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.TelephonyHelper$ApnSetting$Builder
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.TelephonyHelper$LocalPhoneNumber
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.TelephonyHelper$SubscriptionCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/ClibpoardPlugin/ClipboardFloatingActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ClibpoardPlugin.ClipboardFloatingActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/FindMyPhonePlugin/FindMyPhoneReceiver.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.FindMyPhonePlugin.FindMyPhoneReceiver
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/UploadNotification.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.UploadNotification
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisPlugin/MprisMediaNotificationReceiver.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisMediaNotificationReceiver
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RunCommandPlugin/RunCommandWidgetDataProviderService.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.RunCommandWidgetDataProviderService
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisPlugin/MprisMediaSession.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisMediaSession
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisMediaSession$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisMediaSession$2
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RunCommandPlugin/CommandEntry.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.CommandEntry
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/LanBackend/LanLink.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanLink
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanLink$ConnectionStarted
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanLink$LinkDisconnectedCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/PairingExplanationNotTrustedBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.PairingExplanationNotTrustedBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/DeviceSettingsAlertDialogFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DeviceSettingsAlertDialogFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DeviceSettingsAlertDialogFragment$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DeviceSettingsAlertDialogFragment$Builder
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/PluginItem.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.PluginItem
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/CompositeReceiveFileJob.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.CompositeReceiveFileJob
org/kde/kdeconnect/KdeConnectBroadcastReceiver.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.KdeConnectBroadcastReceiver
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/PhotoPlugin/PhotoPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PhotoPlugin.PhotoPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RunCommandPlugin/RunCommandUrlActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.RunCommandUrlActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/FilesHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.FilesHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/AlertDialogFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.AlertDialogFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.AlertDialogFragment$AbstractBuilder
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.AlertDialogFragment$Builder
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.AlertDialogFragment$Callback
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/PluginSettingsListFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PluginSettingsListFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PluginSettingsListFragment$1
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/StoragePreference.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.StoragePreference
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.StoragePreference$OnLongClickListener
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/AppCompatPreferenceActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.AppCompatPreferenceActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/DeviceHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.DeviceHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SMSPlugin/MimeType.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SMSPlugin.MimeType
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/RandomHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.RandomHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/FindMyPhonePlugin/FindMyPhoneSettingsFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.FindMyPhonePlugin.FindMyPhoneSettingsFragment
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/LongSummaryPreferenceCategory.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.LongSummaryPreferenceCategory
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/ConnectivityReportPlugin/SubscriptionState.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ConnectivityReportPlugin.SubscriptionState
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/AndroidSafSshFile.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.AndroidSafSshFile
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.AndroidSafSshFile$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.AndroidSafSshFile$DocumentInfo
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/MainActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.MainActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/PresenterPlugin/PresenterPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PresenterPlugin.PresenterPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RunCommandPlugin/RunCommandWidget.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.RunCommandWidget
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/BluetoothBackend/BluetoothLinkProvider.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothLinkProvider
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothLinkProvider$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothLinkProvider$ClientConnect
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothLinkProvider$ClientConnect$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothLinkProvider$ClientRunnable
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.BluetoothLinkProvider$ServerRunnable
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/PresenterPlugin/PresenterActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PresenterPlugin.PresenterActivity
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PresenterPlugin.PresenterActivity$1
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/PopupNotificationsfilterBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.PopupNotificationsfilterBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/CustomDeviceItemBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.CustomDeviceItemBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SystemVolumePlugin/SystemVolumePlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.SystemVolumePlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.SystemVolumePlugin$SinkListener
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityPresenterBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityPresenterBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/BuildConfig.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.BuildConfig
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisReceiverPlugin/MprisReceiverPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisReceiverPlugin.MprisReceiverPlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisReceiverPlugin.MprisReceiverPlugin$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisReceiverPlugin.MprisReceiverPlugin$MediaSessionChangeListener
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/SftpPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.SftpPlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.SftpPlugin$StorageInfo
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityRunCommandBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityRunCommandBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/SmallEntryItem.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.SmallEntryItem
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/LoopbackBackend/LoopbackLink.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LoopbackBackend.LoopbackLink
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/DeviceFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DeviceFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DeviceFragment$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.DeviceFragment$2
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityCustomDevicesBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityCustomDevicesBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/PluginSettingsActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PluginSettingsActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/SendFileActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.SendFileActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/MprisControlBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.MprisControlBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/TrustedNetworkHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.TrustedNetworkHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/PluginFactory.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PluginFactory
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PluginFactory$LoadablePlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PluginFactory$PluginInfo
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/PreferenceWithButtonBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.PreferenceWithButtonBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/ClibpoardPlugin/ClipboardListener.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ClibpoardPlugin.ClipboardListener
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ClibpoardPlugin.ClipboardListener$ClipboardObserver
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/ContactsPlugin/ContactsPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ContactsPlugin.ContactsPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RemoteKeyboardPlugin/RemoteKeyboardPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RemoteKeyboardPlugin.RemoteKeyboardPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityShareBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityShareBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/NotificationsPlugin/NotificationFilterActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.NotificationFilterActivity
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.NotificationFilterActivity$AppListAdapter
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.NotificationFilterActivity$AppListInfo
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MousePadPlugin/KeyListenerView.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.KeyListenerView
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ListItemEntryBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ListItemEntryBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/ShareChooserTargetService.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.ShareChooserTargetService
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RunCommandPlugin/RunCommandWidgetDeviceSelector.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.RunCommandWidgetDeviceSelector
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/SharePlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.SharePlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.SharePlugin$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.SharePlugin$Callback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SMSPlugin/SMSPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SMSPlugin.SMSPlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SMSPlugin.SMSPlugin$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SMSPlugin.SMSPlugin$2
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SMSPlugin.SMSPlugin$MessageContentObserver
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/LoopbackBackend/LoopbackPairingHandler.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LoopbackBackend.LoopbackPairingHandler
org/kde/kdeconnect/NetworkPacket.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.NetworkPacket
 org.kde.kdeconnect.NetworkPacket$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.NetworkPacket$Payload
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RemoteKeyboardPlugin/RemoteKeyboardService.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RemoteKeyboardPlugin.RemoteKeyboardService
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/FragmentStoragePreferenceDialogBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.FragmentStoragePreferenceDialogBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/StartActivityAlertDialogFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.StartActivityAlertDialogFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.StartActivityAlertDialogFragment$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.StartActivityAlertDialogFragment$Builder
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/SafeTextChecker.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.SafeTextChecker
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/NotificationsPlugin/NotificationsPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.NotificationsPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/ClibpoardPlugin/ClipboardPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ClibpoardPlugin.ClipboardPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/BasePairingHandler.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BasePairingHandler
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BasePairingHandler$PairStatus
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BasePairingHandler$PairingHandlerCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/SftpSettingsFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.SftpSettingsFragment
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/ConnectivityReportPlugin/ASUUtils.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ConnectivityReportPlugin.ASUUtils
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivitySendkeystrokesBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivitySendkeystrokesBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityDeviceBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityDeviceBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityClipboardFloatingBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityClipboardFloatingBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ListItemSystemvolumeBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ListItemSystemvolumeBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/EntryItemWithIcon.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.EntryItemWithIcon
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/FindMyPhonePlugin/FindMyPhoneActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.FindMyPhonePlugin.FindMyPhoneActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/PluginListHeaderItem.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.PluginListHeaderItem
org/kde/kdeconnect/Device.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device$2
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device$3
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device$DeviceType
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device$PairStatus
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device$PairingCallback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device$PluginsChangedListener
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Device$SendPacketStatusCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MousePadPlugin/PointerAccelerationProfileFactory.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfileFactory
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfileFactory$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfileFactory$DefaultProfile
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfileFactory$PolynomialProfile
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfileFactory$PowerProfile
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfileFactory$SpeedBasedAccelerationProfile
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.PointerAccelerationProfileFactory$SpeedBasedAccelerationProfile$TouchDeltaEvent
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/PermissionsAlertDialogFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PermissionsAlertDialogFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PermissionsAlertDialogFragment$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PermissionsAlertDialogFragment$Builder
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/CustomDevicesActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesActivity
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesActivity$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesActivity$AddDeviceDialogCallback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.CustomDevicesActivity$DeletedCustomDevice
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/NotificationsPlugin/AppDatabase.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.AppDatabase
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.AppDatabase$DbHelper
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.AppDatabase$PrivacyOptions
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ActivityBigscreenBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ActivityBigscreenBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/LanBackend/LanLinkProvider.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanLinkProvider
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.LanBackend.LanLinkProvider$1
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/PluginPreference.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PluginPreference
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PluginPreference$PluginPreferenceCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/PhotoPlugin/PhotoActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.PhotoPlugin.PhotoActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SystemVolumePlugin/SystemVolumeFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.SystemVolumeFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SystemVolumePlugin.SystemVolumeFragment$RecyclerSinkAdapter
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ListItemPluginHeaderBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ListItemPluginHeaderBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/BaseLinkProvider.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BaseLinkProvider
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BaseLinkProvider$ConnectionReceiver
org/kde/kdeconnect/BackgroundService.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.BackgroundService
 org.kde.kdeconnect.BackgroundService$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.BackgroundService$2
 org.kde.kdeconnect.BackgroundService$DeviceListChangedCallback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.BackgroundService$InstanceCallback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.BackgroundService$PluginCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/DevicesListBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.DevicesListBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/ShareBroadcastReceiver.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.ShareBroadcastReceiver
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RunCommandPlugin/RunCommandActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.RunCommandActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/MprisNowPlayingBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.MprisNowPlayingBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/PairingFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PairingFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.PairingFragment$1
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/ConnectivityReportPlugin/ConnectivityReportPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ConnectivityReportPlugin.ConnectivityReportPlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.ConnectivityReportPlugin.ConnectivityReportPlugin$1
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisPlugin/MprisActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisActivity
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisActivity$MprisPagerAdapter
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/ContactsHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.ContactsHelper
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.ContactsHelper$ContactNotFoundException
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.ContactsHelper$VCardBuilder
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.ContactsHelper$uID
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SftpPlugin/SimpleSftpServer.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.SimpleSftpServer
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.SimpleSftpServer$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.SimpleSftpServer$SimplePasswordAuthenticator
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SftpPlugin.SimpleSftpServer$SimplePublicKeyAuthenticator
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/FailedPluginListItem.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.FailedPluginListItem
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.FailedPluginListItem$Action
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/SetDefaultAppPluginListItem.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.SetDefaultAppPluginListItem
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.SetDefaultAppPluginListItem$Action
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/List/EntryItem.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.List.EntryItem
org/kde/kdeconnect/async/BackgroundJobHandler.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.async.BackgroundJobHandler
 org.kde.kdeconnect.async.BackgroundJobHandler$MyThreadPoolExecutor
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MousePadPlugin/SendKeystrokesToHostActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.SendKeystrokesToHostActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/async/BackgroundJob.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.async.BackgroundJob
 org.kde.kdeconnect.async.BackgroundJob$Callback
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/ListItemWithIconEntryBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.ListItemWithIconEntryBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/NotificationsPlugin/NotificationReceiver.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.NotificationReceiver
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.NotificationReceiver$InstanceCallback
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.NotificationsPlugin.NotificationReceiver$NotificationListener
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/RunCommandPlugin/RunCommandPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.RunCommandPlugin
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.RunCommandPlugin.RunCommandPlugin$CommandsChangedCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/BigscreenPlugin/BigscreenActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.BigscreenPlugin.BigscreenActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect_tp/databinding/EditTextAlertDialogViewBinding.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect_tp.databinding.EditTextAlertDialogViewBinding
org/kde/kdeconnect/UserInterface/TrustedNetworksActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.UserInterface.TrustedNetworksActivity
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisPlugin/ExtendedFragmentAdapter.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.ExtendedFragmentAdapter
org/kde/kdeconnect/Helpers/VideoUrlsHelper.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Helpers.VideoUrlsHelper
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/SharePlugin/CompositeUploadFileJob.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.CompositeUploadFileJob
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.CompositeUploadFileJob$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.SharePlugin.CompositeUploadFileJob$SendPacketStatusCallback
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MousePadPlugin/MousePadActivity.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.MousePadActivity
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.MousePadActivity$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MousePadPlugin.MousePadActivity$ClickType
org/kde/kdeconnect/Backends/BluetoothBackend/ConnectionMultiplexer.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.ConnectionMultiplexer
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.ConnectionMultiplexer$Channel
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.ConnectionMultiplexer$ChannelInputStream
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.ConnectionMultiplexer$ChannelOutputStream
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Backends.BluetoothBackend.ConnectionMultiplexer$ListenThread
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/BigscreenPlugin/BigscreenPlugin.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.BigscreenPlugin.BigscreenPlugin
org/kde/kdeconnect/Plugins/MprisPlugin/MprisNowPlayingFragment.java
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisNowPlayingFragment
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisNowPlayingFragment$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisNowPlayingFragment$2
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisNowPlayingFragment$3
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisNowPlayingFragment$4
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisNowPlayingFragment$5
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisNowPlayingFragment$5$1
 org.kde.kdeconnect.Plugins.MprisPlugin.MprisNowPlayingFragment$MprisPlayerCallback
